Creating Magic
Like every night, I was surfing YouTube and found a video of magician in AGT showing tricks with cards. The video had lots of views and likes to declare that the magician is excellent in his work but I found him not enough to keep me engaged. A question came to my mind and took me far from the video, on a roller coaster ride of my thoughts. I didn’t come to know when video ended and kept staring the screen in search of answer. Meanwhile, programmers at Google did their work perfectly well by playing plenty of auto-played videos to not let me leave there virtual world but little they knew that I was already out of there desert and into the forest. The Forest… which is dark and full of doubts to search the answer of question. The Question… that was striking my intelligence's ego back and forth. The Question… that "How the magician got able to create that Magic?"
When I found myself unable to get the answer all alone in the forest, I tried to involve my roommate in expedition. I asked him if he knows that how the performer did that but opposite to my interest he said "He is doing it since many years which turned him into an expert and even I can do that if I spend that much time in this field". I was still thinking about his statement and thought of playing the video again but phone was out of my control now. My friend was holding it, sticking his eyes straight onto the screen and smiling on various auto-played videos. And yes, the programmers at Google are still at their best.
So till then I was much sure that I'm not agreeing with his answer completely because this is what most of the people say when they don’t know something. But, I strongly believe that anyone can do that. The question here is how one can create that magic at first place? I was again alone in the Forest.
I was just wandering here and there when an idea fell on my head as an apple of Isaac Newton. I went into deep thinking and realised that more I understood the idea; far I come from the Forest of Doubts to the Land of Opportunities where I can apply that idea.
Let’s try to understand as easy as possible.
Question is how he was doing it? It can actually have two answers. Either he has some supernatural powers to create things out of air, which is absolutely not possible otherwise he would be in Marvel comics in place of Doctor Strange and could have saved Earth from Thanos. Or, he was just doing some usual thing that we don’t know for a moment or unable to see. But, how we can't see it? We are not even fortunate enough like other guys to have pretty girl sitting beside and we look at her legs. Our luck only has old uncles and aunties. Cruel inequality! So unwillingly we just put all our senses towards magician but unluckily we can’t even do that perfectly. Magician keeps popping things in front of our eyes and we can’t see where they come from. Okay, I believe that we are bad in many things but we are born expert in staring. And expert could fail only if he is not observing at the right place. Yes, that’s what we are doing wrong here.  If we elaborate, he actually makes us look at different place so that we never come to know what he did. And the best part is, at the end of the trick he is not just able to show what we were expecting but also show what we weren't expecting and that’s what we call the Magic.
So now we know how one can create the Magic but what if we're not interested in going to AGT, BGT or any party to flaunt our magic tricks. How can we use this "trick" in our day to day life?
Being a social animal we all are surrounded by people who expect lot of things from us. This includes our co-employees, customers, friends, family or lover. We put all our efforts to satisfy their expectations but sometimes these expectations go beyond our control that even after doing what we were supposed to do, we are unable to please them. Suppose your co-employees are dependent on you for three jobs and ordinarily every job should take one day to complete. Now we all try to complete our jobs as fast as possible and in this process suppose if you complete two jobs in one day while showing that you’re working on both, you’ll be called efficient. But what if you show doing only one job even when you’re working on two jobs and end up submitting both? I’m sure you’ll be asked “How you did that because last time when I saw, you were in the middle of first job”. The reason this happens is that we are doing as they expected, as they supposed we will do, which is monotonous and kills satisfaction. But what if you do things that you're supposed to do creating everyone's attention toward your current work and end up completing two or even three jobs altogether. Yeah, I believe that it will take a little effort but I'm sure it's worth when someone will say, "How the hell you do that?"
